## Meetings
### 2023-11-01 at 13:30
- All team members attended the meeting 
- Every team member brainstormed ideas of what could go into the semester project. We originally came up with ideas of what the project could be about and drew a sketch of the potential user interface.
- As a group, we assigned the team leader to be Divak and Biruk to be the Scribe.

### 2023-11-04 at 13:30 - 16:00
- All team members attended the meeting
- Alan worked on the search, logout, and sorting of notes use cases. Plans to fine-tune search functionality and commence work on the note-sorting feature.
- Mauro contributed to the creation of the initial commit for requirements.md and worked on the user profile editing use case. Next, focusing on refining the UI sketches for better user experience.
- Divak, as the team leader, added the recovery of deleted notes and user flexibility with note modes. Continues to provide substantial feedback during our brainstorming sessions and plans to enhance the note modes feature.
- Biruk contributed significantly to note creation, image attachment, note organization, visualizing note connections, password reset, and the home button use cases. Next, focus on finalizing note organization and visual connection functionalities.
- Reviewed and aligned individual contributions. Initiated discussions for the next phase of feature development. Agreed to proofread the requirements.md for submission.

### 2023-11-06 at 12:00 - 15:00
- All team members attended the meeting
- Alan Proofread the requirements.md for submission.
- Mauro Proofread the requirements.md for submission.
- Divak Proofread the requirements.md for submission.
- Biruk Proofread the requirements.md for submission.
- Each team member committed their own use case and proofread the requirements.md in order to submit the directory to Canvas. Mauro reviewed and suggested improvements to Alan's and Biruk's use cases. Divak reviewed Mauro's and Alan's use cases, providing valuable feedback.

### 2023-11-07 at 11:30 - 13:00 and 20:00 - 22:30
- All team members attended the meeting
- Alan Proofread the requirements.md for submission.
- Mauro Proofread the requirements.md for submission.
- Divak Proofread the requirements.md for submission.
- Biruk Proofread the requirements.md for submission.
- Each team member committed their own use case and proofread the requirements.md in order to submit the directory to Canvas. Mauro reviewed and suggested improvements to Alan's and Biruk's use cases. Divak reviewed Mauro's and Alan's use cases, providing valuable feedback.

### 2023-11-18 at 13:00 - 14:30 
- All team members attended the meeting
- Alan edited the requirements.md for chek in.
- Mauro edited the requirements.md for check in.
- Divak edited the requirements.md for check in.
- Biruk edited the requirements.md for check in.
- Each team member colaborated to fix the use cases and requirements that were previously unclear by adding summaries and altering requirements that previously needed revision.
- Each memeber contributed to designing the UI for differnt pages that were previously unaccounted for.  

### 2023-11-21 at 11:30
- All team members attended the meeting
- Alan edited the requirements.md for chek in.
- Mauro edited the requirements.md for check in.
- Divak edited the requirements.md for check in.
- Biruk edited the requirements.md for check in.

### 2023-11-24 at 10:30 - 11:30
- All team members attended the meeting
- We’ve set our coursework for the front end and set up UI 
- Alan will implement front end code for registration 
- Mauro will implement front-end code for log-in
- Divak will figure out database functionality
- Biruk will implement front-end code for trash and edit functionality 
- We’ve scheduled our next meeting on 11/24 where will go over the back-end code

  finish editing requirements
  each member submits token for milestone 1 revision
  Start figuring out implementation


### 2023-11-29 at 13:30 - 18:30
- All team members attended the meeting
- We’ve reviewed and reorganized our implementation work into folders, added README file, and linked every folder to the app.py file for a smooth transition into the app
- Alan contributed to the registration and login button implementation 
- Mauro contributed with the documentation needed for the milestone submission
- Divak worked as the subject matter expert for the implementation process 
- Biruk contributed with insights on what the process should be like and implemented his assigned requirements. set up the backend.  


### 2023-12-07 at 12:00 - 18:30
- Divak and Alan attended the meeting.
- We fixed the requirements.md, we uploaded website screenshots to the readme.md.
- We added links to the resources we used during the implementation of the project.
- password hashing implemented.
- We tested the code by creating a note, deleting a note, and permanently deleting it from the delete folder.
